That doesn't sound too impressive. Maybe it's
going, okay? But the way we took them off to raise
families and things, but there were teachers. I
always told them no sleeping
at
the desk. I
was running away from us, and we didn't have
classrooms large enough to accommodate
students. And I had a lecture in the physics
building at 1 o'clock in the afternoon. That's,
you know, that's hell for anybody to stay awake.
It's
a two-meter
stick on the chalkboard. So I kept lecturing
through the classroom. And then
I would
explain to somebody in class, and if they were
sleeping through it, they were wasting all this
money. I
wanted to ask a question about what I said or can't
say. That's okay. But I'm
bothered when I started, but I've always told them
I have a hairstyle.
I'm saying 20%. And
I've done, oh, I've done a lot of different things
for the last several years. I've
done situations where I would drop the low lecture
exam out of those four and just count the top three.
I don't do that anymore.
I was in the JCs when we were at Cornell. Actually,
it was JC of the year one year. So I had an interest in
civic clubs and activities. I've probably done a
lot more through the church than he has. Then here
on the campus, describe your perception of the
leadership when you arrived those first years at
the college level and the campus level. Dean
Kunkel was dean. Describe him as you perceived him
in those early years. Well, Dr. Kunkel was
probably one of the deepest thinkers, or he is, one
of the deepest thinkers. He had a head in
agriculture and quite a philosopher in his own
right. Administratively, probably not very
strong. He's
been very important.
Usually,
there have been a number of other situations where
students get, you know, one committee member
tells them one thing, another committee member
tells them something else. And sometimes,
things like that. What are some of them? Any
student, or are there any phony? You mean in class,
or just in graduate students? These graduate
students. No, you know, I don't remember any
situation of
that kind of thing. I might have been too dumb to see
it. But again, I think it reflects the
kind of...
There was never any... I think they had a few
arguments and things, but it's probably good.
What about some of... The undergraduate, good old
boy stories. There must be some good anecdotes you
recall, excuses or...